This file contains instructions on how to set up a single-user instance of the
Alexa "Nikola" skill for monitoring and managing a Tesla automobile on a Cloud9 server.

STEP 1: SET UP YOUR SKILL ON AMAZON'S DEVELOPER PLATFORM (ONE TIME)

1. Go to http://developer.amazon.com and set up a developer account with your
   Amazon username and password
2. From the Developer console, select the ALEXA tab, and then the Alexa Skills Kit
3. Press the "Add a New Skill" button
4. Under "Skill Information", name your skill (I use "Nikola") and its invocation name (again, "nikola")
5. Under "Skill Information", you should see an Application ID that starts with "amzn1.ask.skill..." --
   copy this ID down somewhere, because you'll need it later.
6. Under "Interaction Model", copy the contents of the intents.txt file into the "Intent Schema" box
7. Also under "Interaction Model", copy the contents of the utterances.txt file into the
  "Sample Utterances" box.
8. SAVE it.
9. That's it for now...you'll return later to complete this after you set up the server.

STEP 2: SET UP A FREE CLOUD9 SERVER INSTANCE (ONE TIME)

1. Go to http://c9.io and set up a new free account.
2. Create a new workspace, name it, and make it private (you get one private workspace
   with a free account)
3. Choose the PYTHON template and "Create Workspace"
4. Using the menu choice File/New File, create a new file copy the contents of
   application.py from the GitHub repository into the new file, and SAVE AS application.py
5. Do the same thing with teslajson.py
6. Now, in the Command Line window (labeled "bash"), type the following command
   to install the library that interfaces Alexa to Python:
   sudo pip install flask-ask
   Ignore all the error messages -- it will install in about 30 seconds
7. Similarly, install additional libraries with the "sudo pip install" command:
   sudo pip install datetime
   sudo pip install geocoder
   sudo pip install isodate
8. Press the RUN button in the top bar of the screen.  Application will throw an
   error, but the important thing is that it will open a RUN window at the bottom
   of the screen.  On this screen, look for and click on ENV on the right side.
9. Here, you will put in the environment variables for your own car and Alexa account --
   the variable name goes in the left column and the value goes in the right:
   -- TESLA_USER should be set to your Tesla username (in quotes)
   -- TESLA_PASSWORD should be set to your Tesla password (in quotes)
   -- APP_ID should be set to the Amazon Application ID you copied and set aside in Step 1.5 (in quotes)
10. Click RUN again, and your application should now run OK.  You may get a security warning recommending
   that you upgrade to Python 3; ignore it.

STEP 3: SET UP YOUR CLOUD9 SERVER ADDRESS IN YOUR AMAZON ACCOUNT

1. Now, in Cloud9's menu bar, select Window/Share.
2. In the information box under "Links to Share", you'll see a web address next to
   "Application:"  This is the address Alexa will use to call your server application.
3. Copy this server address, and also check the box next to it marked PUBLIC.
3. Go back to the Amazon Developer Console, go to the Configuration tab of the Nikola skill,
   choose HTTPS as the Service and paste the Cloud9 server address into the box.
4. Finally, click the SSL CERTIFICATE tab in the Nikola skill, and choose the option that says:
  "My development endpoint is a sub-domain of a domain that has a wildcard certificate from a certificate authority"

At this point, you should be good to go.  If you don't have your Alexa device at hand, you can test
the application by choosing the TEST tab in the developer console for the Nikola skill.
